Stuck between an ass and a teakettle
You give a man a fish where the Sun don’t shine
Don't count your worms until you open the can
Live by the sword, speak louder than words
If the shoe fits, walk a mile in it
Don’t count your chickens before they come home to roost.
Put all my eggs in a row.
They don't make them like no one is looking
L’etat, c’est la vie
Florida ceiling windows
"By the hair of their skinny teeth teeth."
If it ain't broke, break it
Don't look at me in that tone of voice
You heard it straight from the gift horses mouth
Buyer be careful what you wish for
I would lose my head if it wasn't stuck up my own ass
Even a stopped clock is worth two in the bush
Any pissing contest in a storm
The squeaky worm gets the wheel
If the shoe fits, wear the other one, too.
We'll cross the t's when we get there.
Heaven can wait by the dashboard light
Give a mouse a cookie, he’ll eat for a day. Teach a mouse to cookie, and he’ll milk for the rest of his life.
When in Rome, do a Roman.
Squeeky wheel gets the worm
You can't live with them, but you can't hunt them for sport either.
I’m stuck between a fork and a pickle!
Taking money out of my mouth.
“Give me a lifetime to lead a gift horse to water and I’ll spend the first day looking in its mouth”
You can give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. You can teach a man to fish and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Out of the woods and into fire.
Hit the last nail on the coffin right on the head.
They get along like two hells in a handbasket.
Shoot for the moon - even if you miss you'll hit the broad side of a barn
You made your hill, now die on it.
Don’t judge a book by its contents.
I'll burn that bridge when I get to it.
One Trick Wonder
You're really putting the hammer before the nail.
I've got a bone to grind with you.
Not the sharpest cookie in the drawer.
You can burn all the bridges when you get to them, but you can’t hide.
A blind squirrel is right twice a day
Milking a dead horse
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid. But if you teach a fish to climb a tree, it will believe that it is a genius for a lifetime.
Time Flies when you’re Skinnin’ Cats
It ain't over 'til the fat bridge singes.
Whatever soaks your coat
Don't get mad make lemonade
You can run, but you can also walk.
It’s like finding a needle in a gift horses mouth
Takes a hit and keeps on limping.
This is a self-inflicted prophecy
We have to think off of the box.
There's a silver lining at the end of every rainbow
All roses lead to thorn.
Don't judge a book by the hill it's willing to die on
Don’t eat with your mouth full!
Fat chance in hell
A gift horse in hand is worth teaching it to drink.
You can lead a horse to water for a day
Don’t put all your blessings in a single basket
I'm so angry I could beat a dead horse
Don't spill the beans out with the baby
Like shooting sitting ducks in a barrel
Putting the cart before the horse can’t make it drink.
If a tree falls and no one can hear trees, does it fall.
There's no sense in crying over your chickens before they hatch
Take that to the bank and smoke it.
Don't count all your chickens before they're in one basket.
You can start the flame to burn the bridge, but you can't control when ships will sail underneath.
How do you like them bear craps in the woods?
The shoe is always greener on the other foot.
Red sky at night, afternoon delight.
go where pigs fear to fly
The emperors have taken over the nudist colony
Whatever tickles your boat
If a tree falls in the woods it ain't on my watch.
Work before play keeps the doctor away.
Out of the frying pan and into the wild blue yonder.
I have a battle to pick with you
Talk about letting the cat out of the bag and into the fire.
Even a gift horse can be lead to water twice a day.
Ignominy is bliss
He just went from zero to 360
A sleeping dog lies when his lips are moving.
you may have won the battle, but i will pick my battles
Let's hit this show on the road!
put the cart before the storm.
Throw the baby into troubled waters.
One man’s junk is another man’s pleasure.
Judge Judy and executioner
If you can't put two and two together, hit the nail on the head
you can take one man's trash to another man's treasure but you can't make it drink
You can't egg a house by breaking an omelette
Let sleeping dogs catch the bus
You can take it from the horses mouth, but you cannot look into it.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of flesh.
Take a load of this
When life gives you lemons, hate the game
